hey youtube Kier twig here bringing you
guys my updated madolche deck profile
for jun 2014 finally got around to
completing this deck as well so thought
I'd give you guys a deck profile it's a
pretty fun deck actually one of the top
decks now I think so let's go ahead and
get started we got main deck and extra
deck I run three madolche madelene this
is your search car to the deck all
military monsters have the effect when
they're destroyed by your opponent's
card effect or by battle and sent to the
Graveyard shuffle them back into the
deck imaginings effect is when she is
normal summon or flip summon you can add
one madolche monster from your deck to
your hand she really just helps for that
extra searchability you can get
depending on what you need for your
plays whether it be and jelly hoot cake
whatever you need just helps you really
search I also run 3 madolche and jelly
the new card that just came out and
jellies effect is a tribute effect
pretty much you contribute her to
special summon I madolche monster from
the deck so the big play people like to
do is they like to summon and jelly
tribute her off have her in the
graveyard because that's the one problem
with madolche hoot cake not having a
monster in the graveyard to banish to
use his effect for but with an jelly
tribute her you have the monster after
you special someone who'd cake banish
and jelly special someone whatever you
need for the play I also run 3 hoot cake
just to make sure you get these plays
off definitely one of the best some
adult raised in my opinion in the deck
he sets up so many of your special
summons you get special summon messin
gelato get off the search effect with
messin gelato special summon your fuel
if you need a rank 3 4 let's say i love
the airplay to get back and n jelly for
another exceed summon just too good you
wouldn't have as many plays if you did
not have food cake in the deck i also
run to mew fuel been debating whether or
not i want to move to three but i am
comfortable to right now you open up
with me fuel and and yelling your hand
you're pretty much set when you normal
summon you fuel you could special some
of them a bill Chait from your hand so
you could special summon and jelly after
you normal mule fuel use her effect that
way whichever you prefer it's a really
good card in the deck and
also run three message alot o messenger
lotto I'm hoping who also gets a hollow
maybe in the astral pack 5 when it comes
out because all we have is a rare right
now well mostly everything else in the
madolche deck is hollow pretty much its
effect is when it's special summoned if
you control a beast-type madolche
monster you can add a module chase spell
or trap from your deck to your hand I
use him mostly for the rank summons for
tiramisu after i get is effect off i can
search for ticket chato Palooza whatever
I need for my plays I also run to spell
strikers just for additional rank 3 help
support you banish a spell card from
your graveyard a special summon spell
striker like I said very easy to get out
in this deck you run plenty of spells
very simple and I also run to maxies
pretty much debating between Maxie or
effect failure in the deck my personal
preference is Maxie if you want to run
Effect Veiler that's fine as well
whichever you prefer in my opinion I
just like Maxie for the extra draw power
that is it for the monsters for spells I
run to madolche chat to chateau my bad
it's the field spell when it's activated
shuffle all madolche monsters in your
graveyard into the deck all madolche
monsters on the field gain 500 attack in
defense if a monster in your graveyard
would be returned to the deck by the
effect of moving Dolce monster you can
add to the hand instead so with all the
Dolce effects instead of sending them
back to the deck you can add them to
your hand with chateau works really well
with madolche ticket I run to ticket as
well tickets effect is when a madolche
monster would be shuffled back into the
deck you could search your deck for
another result a monster so after ticket
goes off you shuffle back the monster
you search your deck for another monster
so depending on what your plays want to
be used tickets effect and if you
control a face-up madolche fairy-type
monster you can special summon the
monster you get so TR misu and jelly or
both fairy types which I'm pretty sure
most of the time you'll have one of
those monsters on the field so after you
resolve the ticket you can special
summon the monster you searched I like
running to ticket into chateau pretty
much because three of either one of
those is pretty cloggy plus if you need
to reuse them you can shuffle them back
with TR MSU's effect I also run to
double Simon
the biggest concern with this deck is
just that one additional normal summon
that you could need double summon helps
me get around that also run to mystical
Space typhoon one book of moon might
actually swap out the book for a third
MST I'm not quite sure yet we do live in
a pretty heavy back row format and one
dark hole for traps I run modem one
madolche Palooza it's a big finisher
card special summon any number of module
two monsters from your hand shuffle them
into the deck during the end phase once
again battle phase I have a monster I
see my opponent has nothing activate
Palooza finish them off by summoning all
from the dulces in my hand if I need
just combo plays plenty of exceed
monsters with all the stuff in my hand
Palooza really helps set it up I like
running one though mostly because it's
searchable with messin gelato very easy
to get never really thought to myself
boy I wish that I had two in the deck
because one is plenty plus I also run to
Phoenix wing wind blasts I like this
card with hoot cake most of the time
when i open up with who cake and i have
nothing else that can work with in my
hand like let's say I need to get
monster my graveyard beginning of the
game i open up to kick in hand which
really can give you nothing Phoenix wing
wind blast helps discarding one of the
hoot cakes so I can banish it to use the
other who takes effect really helps
pretty much because I also set my
opponent back by placing one card they
have on the top of their deck and also
just for staple I run two dimensional
prison it gets over the hands which is
very nice to fiendish chain one can
pulse one bottomless one warning and to
mere force and for the extra deck I run
to madolche Queen tiramisu she's the
shuffle ability to requires two level
form of dolce monsters once per turn you
can detach 1 material from queen t
armored suit target to madolche card in
your graveyard this includes ticket in
chateau shuffle them back into the
graveyard then select two cards your
opponent controls shuffle them back into
their deck the effect is great because
it doesn't target your opponent and you
have to target as so say if they have
any response to the effect because once
you target the two cards they cannot
activate anything
response which is really nice plus I
also run one MX aber invoker don't use
it as much as levy air in this deck let
the air is amazing with an jelly and
hoot cake after you banished the monster
you can use levy air if you rank into it
special something it back to the field
one alucard really helps with set cards
one photon papilloperative once all the
Silver Mountain one my stroke one number
10 11 Matt quipped engineer one number
21 black ship when utopia ones and mains
and one fairy king I would run exit on I
just don't have one at the moment a
little too pricey but once again the
deck runs fine without it if you have TR
mehsoos and let the air you can get most
of the plays off that's really all I
ever go into with this deck so yeah
that's it for the deck profile hope you
guys enjoyed don't forget to Like and
subscribe and kyra twig out